1.Name the command which removes all stopped containers?
2.Difference between Container and Image ?
3.How to create an Image in Docker ?
4.when to use between Run , Pull and Exec options in Docker ?
5.How to determine the server and client OS of docker-machine?
6.What is default port of docker URL ?
7.A Docker machine can talk to another Docker machine through ________ by ________.
8.Docker Containers are persistent - Agree?
9.Docker Containers - Can the same image be stored in different Containers - If yes , 
 what is the state of the image in Dockers , if there an option to state persistence?
10.How to identify the log of the container ?
11.Without Docker ps-a , is there an option to determine whether a container is in UP state 
12.When Pulling the Image from HUB Docker - What is the First protocol Docker server checks
13.Is each Docker-machine a VM ? 
14.Can docker machine be associated with vairous docker drivers like hyperv, virtualbox?
15.Hypervisor - is Docker a replacement for Hypervisor ?
16.Is Docker a Freeware?
17.What is command to measure utilization of the Docker engine ?
18.Dockers and VM - Do they co-exist ?
19.container ID - What is length of Container ID ?
20.Can an Image be overwritten in Docker ? 
21. Which objects have IPs in Docker ?
22. What is default log driver of container ?
23. How to determine the size of the container?
24. To delete all containers in a single step ?
25. OCI - What is it ? 

Day 2

1. What is best to execute a script for every container initialization ?
2. In case of Image Build for question 1?
3. How many containers can be in a Docker machine, How many images can a docker-machine store ?
4. If there is a large Database like RDBMS, What kind of storage is recommended?
5. How do you take a decision of number of containers for a project - What aspects state the creation of container?
6. A Service running or restarting in a container - what is the state of container status 
7. An Active Running container creates a performance issue - As devops whats is best recommendation ?
8. Audit log is required to inspect activities of Docker container - Whats your recommendation?
9. What is difference between Network driver and Storage Driver ?
11. How to restore a container in a new docker-machine 
12. How to save an image in new docker-machine?
13. Which File system would you advise if the requirements are of hybrid type (both Block and File)
14. Based on the choice of Standard input - the application may have to choose between cloud and local file retrieval, What is recommendation to Dockerfile?
15.  Are dynamic ports consistent across OS ?
16. Unusable port - What is it ?
17. How do we know a Image is multi-layered ?
18. What is Introspection in Docker ? 
19. What are methods to access values in Docker - Whats your recommendation as Devops ?
20. The ask is to copy files between two containers running in a docker machine , What is the next step forward?
21. How many repositories can a docker-machine have ?
22. How many registries can a docker-machine have?

Day 3
=====

1. What is default log for docker ?
2. By default - all containers are accessible in a docker-machine, How to limit containers from communication?
3. As Devops - whats is your choice if the ask is to have a docker volume ?
4. If a Container has volumes with -v , can a container be deleted ?
5. The business need is to have one primary container to broadcast fellow data through 
RW Privelege.Limited to a single host for testing purposes. Whats your recommendation to implement. 
6. In Q5 , The Business need has changed beyond the primary host machine. How do we deliver this ?
7. Some data seems to be corrupted when retriving information from the container. The Container 
   however has a volume associated , How do you approach this issue?
8. Network Driver , Storage Driver -- whats the difference?
9. A Docker container has some unwanted tasks currently running. The ask is to investigate 
   dependencies and ascertain action - Whats your recommendation?
10.How many containers can be in a Network bridge ?
11.If a gateway IP is not within scope of the definition of Gateway , How does Docker recognize this ?
12.A Docker-machine has limited infrastructure requirements. Whats best way to ensure data is retained?
13.If one needs to ensure the instance of Image properties have to be retained, 
   whats your recommendation? 
14.Multiple Containers have to share common values. How do we approach this ?
15.After containers have been built - it is perceived that they have to be clustered- whats your 
   recommendation, How do we achieve this ?
16.How to check if a webservice is running in a container without entering the container?
17.One of observations noted was the OS is taking up lot of storage to run a container
   - Do you have recommendations from Docker or is this beyond Docker?
18.when to inspect a bridge container ?
19.Ask is to provide volume related information for containers in a DM - Your best recommendation ?
20.C1 - is a Database container with data as volume. The image for C1 is DB V1. The database has been upgraded by Application. How can we upgrade the container?
21.ask is to preserve some environment settings in the base image(s) for container. What is your recommendation?
22. The ask is to shutdown the docker-machine after a recent Hack incident.  The ask is to abort all operations in the machine. Whats your recommendation?
23 .You have images with status as image name as none in docker images ls , what does it infer to and next steps?
24.  A docker-machine shows cache of 10% capacity of docker-machine. What are your next steps ?

Day 4
=====

1. Docker-machine -- Do they reuse IP ?
2. Volumes created within a docker-engine , Is this machine dependent, If yes - how one should share the volume?
3. Can we host a windows container in docker tool box - Say a Nano Server or ASP.NET?
4.What is your recommendation for Multi container management ,with central control?
5.A new feature has come up in Docker newer version - Can we test and use them in Docker - Any guidelines we should follow to incorporate?
6.Once docker-machines are connected in a network - What is driver used ? 
7.Docker-machines - Are all Docker-machines in Linux ?
8.A Docker-machine's performance is in question. 
As Devops - How do you manage it ?
9.Scenario :100 Docker-machines are in swarm, The dependency of the master is in question to match up to performance expectations, what is your call in ?
10.Two services are connected to each other logically however they are independent as containers. In future application development you see them progressive. How can this be demonstrated ?
11. In Q10 - We change this to direct Dependency, the REDIS server will pull up key values from a WebServer which will host up the network. How do you implement this ?
12. Singleton Design Pattern - Can we implement this in Docker ?
13. The default handshake between Docker machines - Can this be overriden - Where is it stored in , Will this differ based on machine
14. On what grounds do we decide it is a different Docker-machine? (Design guideline?)
15. A Security plugin like Calico for Network security is released. Can Docker enable this ? 
16. can one simulate docker environment (Docker Daemon) outside scope of Docker-Terminal?
17. Can multiple Dockerfiles exist for a container?
18. Can multiple "docker-compose" file exist - If yes, can we control the flow of docker-compose file?
19. can compose files be written in any other language other than YAML ? 
20. How do we make Docker containers portable?
21. How to ensure a docker machine is never updated ?
22. How to limit changes to a container?
24. For an image - ask is to create 3 new users - How to approach this problem?
25. From Design Perspective , what are considerations when implementing Docker in your project?