1. What is best to execute a script for every container initialization , and to execute a script for image build ?
ENTRYPOINT - CFS initialization (Service)
CMD - CFS,EFS and NFS (Shell) (Service)
RUN - Image Build.  (Skeleton)

2. Scenario - Pinging an IP , The count and the IP are flexible to change , How to approach it ?
Entrypoint - cannot have variables. 
from ubuntu:trusty
count="-c"$variable
ENTRYPOINT  ["/bin/ping"]
CMD ["$count","localhost"']

docker run --rm img 3 192.169.0000

3. How many containers can be in a Docker machine, How many images can a docker-machine store ?

containers - running containers occupy memory. unlimited.
running ?  - 12% of 4X
images - static ? - 80% of 4X (+volume)


4. If there is a large Database like RDBMS, What kind of storage is recommended?

Storage - Data for Storage for RDBMS - should be outside the container.
If Container has data and Binary - It is monolothic.

5. How do you take a decision of number of containers for a project - What aspects state the creation of container?

container --> Services .
number of Independent Services.  (Deployment, Definition, Scale)
Aspects - SOA , 1 (Dependent Services), MSA - #  (Methodology Design Pattern)

6. A Service running or restarting in a container - what is the state of container ?
Service running - UP - 
Service Restarting - ? COG

7. An Active Running container creates a performance issue - As devops whats is best recommendation ?
Follow COG

8. What components of Dockerfile cannot be overriden by containers?
Label, COPY, ADD , RUN

9. What is difference between Network driver and Storage Driver ?
Storage Driver  - Speed of retreiving data Read/Write Latency
Network Driver - Scope of Container Communication. 
 		L1 L2 L3...
		Within DM - bridge, DM-DM  overlay 
		Between DH - MacVLAN

11. How to restore a container in a new docker-machine
 docker export and docker import 

12. How to save an image in new docker-machine?
Cloud - Push/Pull
Save /Load - Preserving Layers

10. How to restore a container in a new docker-machine ?
 docker export and docker import 

13. Which File system would you advise if the requirements are of hybrid type (both Block and File)
BTRFS ,ZFS 

14. Based on the choice of Standard input - the application may have to choose between cloud and local file retrieval, What is recommendation to Dockerfile? 
ADD

15. Scenario: A running containers environment have to be moved to another Docker Host Machine - How to approach it ?
Batch Script of docker export

16. Unusable port - What is it ?
2376 2377 6162

17. Why should we know a Image is multi-layered ? 
For Deployment - docker export 
Closed source or Open Source

18. What is Interopoliation in Docker ?   
{{json reading }}

19. What are methods to access values in Docker - Whats your recommendation as Devops ?
 `parse operator` , $variable , $(command) , {json} , {{interpoliation}}

20. The ask is to copy files between two containers running in a docker machine , What is the next step forward?
no copy between containers/.
only via DH

21. How many repositories can a docker-machine have ?
1

22. How many registries can a docker-machine have?
registries are containers
max 12% of 4x

23. Ask is to create Log files - Of Chain 10 files for a Log application on producing Infra checks for every 5 seconds with assurance as Log service.
blocking , non-blocking
blocking : Log Memory =4M, New Logs always ?
mode=non-blocking , cycle logs 
--log-opt mode=non-blocking --log-opt maxfile=10  --log-opt size=10G

24. Multiple Containers have to share common values. How do we approach this ?
env-file --envfile

25.How to check if a webservice is running in a container without entering the container? 
top

26. How to manage devices of host machine from container..
--privileged 

27. Scenario - The ask is to read the shell container processes from a specific time..
docker logs --since=

28.A ELK Logging Mechanism is available now at Production Site. Admin recommends to disable all logs for containers to be created to avoid duplicacy - How to create process instances with no logs ?
docker run --log-driver=none

29. Scenario - A container is effectively running and has to be considered as template. On templating we have to boot strap , how do we approach this problem?
docker commit -c 
30. On Q29 , On templating -  A message for data and time is to updated in image -  How do we approach this ?


