Day 4
=====


1. Docker-machine -- Do they reuse IP ?

2. Volumes created within a docker-engine , Is this machine dependent, If yes - how one should share the volume?

3. Can we host a windows container in docker tool box - Say a Nano Server or ASP.NET?

4.What is your recommendation for Multi container management ,with central control?

5.A new feature has come up in Docker newer version - Can we test and use them in Docker - Any guidelines we should follow to incorporate?

6.Once docker-machines are connected in a network - What is driver used ? 

7.Docker-machines - Are all Docker-machines in Linux ?

8.A Docker-machine's performance is in question. 
As Devops - How do you manage it ?

9.Scenario :100 Docker-machines are in swarm, The dependency of the master is in question to match up to performance expectations, what is your call in ?

10.Two services are connected to each other logically however they are independent as containers. In future application development you see them progressive. How can this be demonstrated ?

11. In Q10 - We change this to direct Dependency, the REDIS server will pull up key values from a WebServer which will host up the network. How do you implement this ?

12. Singleton Design Pattern - Can we implement this in Docker ?

13. The default handshake between Docker machines - Can this be overriden - Where is it stored in , Will this differ based on machine

14. On what grounds do we decide it is a different Docker-machine? (Design guideline?)

SSO - Storage Driver, State of machine, Sensitivity
15. A Security plugin like Calico for Network security is released. Can Docker enable this ? 

DIS?
16. can one simulate docker environment (Docker Daemon) outside scope of Docker-Terminal?

Docker SDK
17. Can multiple Dockerfiles exist for a container?

18. Can multiple "docker-compose" file exist - If yes, can we control the flow of docker-compose file?

19. can compose files be written in any other language other than YAML ? 

20. How do we make Docker containers portable?

21. How to ensure a docker machine is never updated ?

22. How to limit changes to a container?

24. For an image - ask is to create 3 new users - How to approach this problem?

25. From Design Perspective , what are considerations when implementing Docker in your project?