1.Scenario : too many non-running containers - How to get rid of it ?
Ans : docker rm $(docker ps -a -q) or docker container prune. Prune can be applied for images, network, registry and volume. Docker system prune , it doesnt do volume prune.

2.When to create a container ? Difference between Container and Image ?
Ans : for service realisation, testing an image, docker commit. 
Container : Process, has a state, realises the services
Image : Static, Code, Services

3.How to create an Image in a Docker machine?
docker commit - Container to image
docker load -Tar to image

4.when to use between Run , Pull and Exec options in Docker ?
Run : QA( pull, create, start, attach)
Pull : copy image from any repo
Exec: LMR(log, monitor, report on running container)


5.A new feature of docker is now enabled, How to determine whether your
docker can use the beta features ?
EXPERIMENTAL : true, config.jsomn on docker machine.
6.scenario - Code team has asked you to assign 3 ports for their services. As a Devops - What is your recommendation ?
Restricted Ports for Docker 
2376 - dockerd
2377 - SWAARM
6162 - Notary runs nginx
7.A Docker machine can talk to another Docker machine - Can it ? If yes , how ?
SWARM - overrlay.
8.Docker Containers are persistent - Agree?
agree

9.Docker Containers - Can the same image be stored in different Containers - If yes ,  what is the state of the image in Dockers , if there an option to state persistence?
Containers are persistent, images are local to container cz they are hard linked

10.How to identify the log of the container ?
docker gives 4 logs - 
application logs - CI, logs
kernel logs - CD, logPath
images log -  diff
event logs - events

11.Without Docker ps-a , is there an option to determine whether a container is in UP state
docker inspect -f 

12.When Pulling the Image from HUB Docker - What is the First protocol Docker server checks?
Notary 6162

13.Is each Docker-machine a VM ? 
DM is a VM + Dockerd

14.Can docker machine be associated with vairous docker drivers like hyperv, virtualbox?
1 machine = 1 driver, you cant change the driver of DM

15.Hypervisor - is Docker a replacement for Hypervisor ? why ?
docker : kernel virtualization, light wt ps
Hypervisor : Hardware storage, sharing resources of Physical devices

16.Is Docker a Freeware? any Licensing to be taken care ?
Open source, Docker SDK requires license.

17.The Docker engine seems to have taken more IO Block memory - How to validate this ?
docker stats


18.Dockers and VM - Do they co-exist ?
They coexist in OCI

19.Images are encrypted as ________- and encrypted in _________.
Layers, SHA256
three things you cant change for docker  : YAML, JSON, SHA256

20.Can an Image be overwritten in Docker ? 
yes

21. Which objects does not have IPs in Docker ?
Images, volume, repo

22. What is default log driver of container ? 
depends of VM Driver, default : json-file

23. How to determine the size of the container?
docker ps -s

24. To delete all containers in a single step ?
docker rm -f $(docker ps -a -q)

25. The ask is to host AWS containers in docker machine - How to approach this need?
rancherVM - converting VM to DIS - 75% efficient

26. OCI - What is it ?  
Open Container Initiative(Docker, Amazon, Google, Microsoft, Vagrat, Oracle)

27. Scenario , For every 5 seconds, Infrastructure of devices have to be checked within the current Docker environment - How can we deliver this ?

28. Scenario , For a Log file update - We require date and time to be logged in for every 2 seconds to monitor heart beat. What is the best approach ?

29. A Rollout is expected for 1000 containers from Image R1 to R2. Is it possible to change the image of an existing container ? 
no, skeleton image is read only

30. How to trace event log of dockerd ?
docker events, sys/fs

docker run -d --name logsfordf ubuntu /bin/bash -c "while true;
do sleep 5; date;df -h; done"








